### Continuous workflow

The intent of the continuous workflow is to have the code in a valid and stable state at all times.

Think about the activities that might be required after the code has been completed, but before that modification can be released:
- Put the modified code into Source Code Management (SCM).
- Build code.
- Test the built code.
- Deploy the tested code.
- Freeze a copy of the deployed code.

In the real world, the process is more complicated. Each of these activities can be subdivided into multiple activities with inherent conditionals, such as:
- Only run tests if the build is successful.
- Only run long, complex tests if the simple tests pass.
- Only deploy the software if all tests have passed.

In the not-so-good old days, the Development, Quality Assurance, and Packaging/Deployment groups were often siloed and the process was more like this:
- A large group of developers coded for months.
- Developers handed the "completed" code to Quality Assurance.
- Quality Assurance ran tests and handed bugs back to developers to fix.
- Developers fixed the bugs then handed the code back. to Quality Assurance, who reran the tests.
- Quality Assurance handed the tested code to Packaging/Deployment.
- Packaging/Deployment released the product.


### Modern development philosophies
The philosophies of modern development emphasize collaboration between different teams, flexibility in planning and development, and shorter development cycles. Three major philosophies are interrelated:
- **Agile** - emphasizes adaptive planning and evolutionary development. Work is planned and completed in "sprints" (usually 1-2 weeks of work), with frequent (usually daily) "scrums" where all team members report progress and plan their next steps. See the [Agile Manifesto](https://agilemanifesto.org/).
- **DevOps** - extends the Agile philosophy into operations and production by advocating for the automation and monitoring of all steps in the development cycle. See [What is Devops](https://theagileadmin.com/what-is-devops/)?
- **Continuous** - implements Agile and Devops philosophies with tools that standardize the steps in the process and thoroughly test each code modification before it is integrated into the official source.

